Deprecate `y_pred` in favour of `y_proba` in `log_loss` (#33740)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.metrics/33740.fix.rst

> - `y_pred` was deprecated in favor of `y_proba` for :func:`metrics.log_loss`
>   as predicted probabilities are expected, not predicted labels.
>   By :user:`Lucy Liu <lucyleeow>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `y_pred` was deprecated in favor of `y_proba` for :func:`metrics.log_loss`
  and :func:`metrics.d2_log_loss_score` as predicted probabilities are expected,
  not predicted labels.
  By :user:`Lucy Liu <lucyleeow>`.
```
